we use this ice rink for
different animations
we organize a lot of events
for children we break a pot of
climbing
we also bring Santa Claus who
distributed candies chocolates
to children the cultural animators of
the phase also organizes discos
during the period
clear the garden today is its
red list and thank you for being
come so many to milk the future of
our asset in favor of mr merchet on
busy but it's the one we feel
not revealing monsters up to date there
it's spectacular that it's towards the
light
c
right here
beautiful i love splendid
lee
and
charm a delicacy and beloved
especially stéphane lambiel
it was really nice there was a
beautiful a beautiful atmosphere
I was delighted to actually have this audience
as numerous and warm it is
true that since 2010 I take
a lot of fun doing
shows and it's here in carouge
anywhere in Japan so so
it was really great it's exactly
what we wanted to open this
ice rink with a strong event that
brings together and allows people to get
put that extraordinary eyes
its rink is really a place of
exchange gathering
Yes